Requesting Testimonials {#requesting}
-------------------------------------

Requesting testimonials is a scary task for some. It can be embarrassing, or seem intrusive. The fact of the matter is; you need testimonials and must be willing to actively collect them. It's really not that scary or difficult once you understand one basic truth; 

> Satisfied customers are usually glad to give a testimonial.

Humans are wired to give testimonials. How many times have you told a friend how much you enjoyed a product or service? Have you ever written a thank you letter to a business or individual who went above and beyond to make you happy? Let's face it, pleasurable services and products make us happy and we love sharing this with those we care for. We want them to feel the same pleasure we experienced.

I make it a personal mission to ask each and every customer to give me a testimonial. I think it is so important, it is built into my customer lifecycle.


### Knowing when to ask {#when}

Strike while the iron is hot! Identify a point in your customer lifecycle where your customer is most excited or happy. This is the right time to ask. Don't wait for weeks after the sale. By this point your customer has most likely moved on to their new stress, decreasing your likelihood of getting that testimonial.


### Don't be afraid of negative testimonials {#negative}

A negative testimonial naturally makes us feel bad. We obviously do not want to share a negative testimonial with potential customers! What if they thought badly of us! What we don't realize is that a negative testimonial _is an opportunity_. An opportunity to create a great narrative of how you solved your customers problem. An opportunity to turn a critic into a supporter.

If you receive a negative testimonial, contact that customer immediately. Don't put it off! Find out what went wrong, and do everything you can to set it right. The extra effort will be noticed, and could turn the disgruntled customer into a supporter. You would be surprised how much a little individual attention can create goodwill inside of your customers' minds.


### Provide guidelines for your testimonial request {#guidelines}

Face it. It's difficult to write without direction. We sit down and wait for thoughts to come, and give up when they don't. Do not rely on your customer to remember the high points of the sale. Giving them a little help and direction could be just what they need to write a wonderful testimonial for you! Here are some guidelines you may want to include;

1. Provide a topic
   Remind your customer of the high points of the sale. Recall any time they may have complimented you, or seemed very happy. This can help spark up some memories and inspiration when writing your testimonial.

2. Keep it short
   Testimonials should be short. 3-4 sentences on a specific topic should be enough to get the point across.

3. Request permission for potential customers to contact the writer
   If you deal with high priced products or services you may want potential customers to be able to contact current or past customers. Now is the time to ask. Don't worry, if they are too busy they will let you know.

4. Ask for supporting materials
   Ask for a photo of the testimonial writer or their logo (if it is a business).

5. Be sure to say "Thank you"
   This goes without saying. Thank your customer for his/her time. In fact, make it part of your testimonial request process to personally thank your customers for their testimonials. After all, it is a gesture that could lead to many more sales down the line.


### Customer too busy? Write it for them! {#write}

Testimonials are a very important tool in your marketing toolbox. It is important to collect them whenever possible. Sometimes our customers are legitimately too busy to sit down and write one! If this the case, write it for them. This is a very delicate matter, you must be careful not to overstep your bounds. You must speak with their voice, not your own. Here are some tips for writing a testimonial for your customer;

1. Use their words
   If you have received kind words from your customer, use those words exactly as they were said or written to you.

2. Ask them to approve/edit the testimonial
   Be sure to request their edits and approval. This will make them less likely to feel intruded upon, and give them the opportunity to confirm the words you have written.

3. Show them the final testimonial
   Be sure to send the customer a link to the finished testimonial.


### Create a testimonial library {#library}

Having many testimonials to choose from can help you target potential customers with specific marketing materials. The more testimonials you have, the more likely you are to have the perfect testimonial to fit any situation.

Categorize your testimonial library however you need to. Be sure that the categorization enables you to identify a specific testimonial without the need to read each one. This will enable you to pull testimonials quickly later down the road.



