Introduction {#intro}
---------------------

A design brief is a document which outlines the overall aesthetic and organizational goals of your project. It is meant to be a guiding document capable of cementing decisions early as a reference guide for later use. Functionally, this document provides the following benefits to the project as a whole;

* Provides insight into your organization
* Provides insight into your target audience
* Defines key project goals
* Guides future decision making

### Provides insight into your organization

This document identifies your organizations' vision, values and ideals. The project will need to embody these, as all aspects of your business should. Naturally, we need to inject the specific needs of your organization into the goals of the project. 

### Provides insight into your target audience

This document identifies your target audience(s). The decisions we make for the project must satisfy their needs. The project must be compatible with your audience(s) in every way. We need to temper each decision against the specific needs of the audience we wish to target.

### Defines the key project goals

The project has a distinct purpose. We need to identify that purpose and capture it within this document. The purpose will provide a stable platform for the numerous decisions which need to be made. 

### Guides future decision making

There are many pieces involved in the project, each requiring many decisions to be made. Any creative project will spark a flow of ideas and creativity that can be overwhelming, making it very easy to lose sight of what needs to be accomplished. The job of this document is to create a keystone for the decision making process. Using this document to guide the the process will save time, sanity and yield a cohesive end result.

