Your Organization {#organization}
---------------------------------

Let's get to know your organization. Understanding the collective "you" is critical to the design/development process. No coherent branding effort, marketing message or design product can be created without first understanding the organization for whom it is created. Only through this understanding can a designer/developer even begin to create a product that is a fit for your organization.



### Mission {#mission}

Your mission statement was undoubtedly created to allow your audience to quickly grasp the values unique to your organization. The mission statement gives us insight into the image you wish to represent.

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
  {Company mission statement}
</div>


### Vision {#vision}

Your company vision statement provides more information beyond the traditionally short [mission statement](#mission). It allows us to further understand your organizations values.

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
  {Company vision statement}
</div>


### Products & Services {#products-services}

After first understanding "you" we must then understand your product.

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
  {Company products and services}
</div>


### Competitive, Partner and Peer Organizations {#peers}

To understand "you" we need to understand your unique position in the marketplace. Understanding your competition, strategic partners and peers provides us with an idea of where you position yourself within your target market. Understanding this positioning is key in developing graphics and copy that really speaks to your target audience. All relevant organizations represent one or more of the following relationships to you;

* They have a similar model or values
* They share your target audience
* They provide similar a similar product

#### Competition

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
  {Competitive organizations}
</div>

#### Strategic Partners

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
  {Partner organizations}
</div>

#### Peers

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
  {Peer organizations}
</div>

