Your Project {#project}
-----------------------

### Purpose {#purpose}

Let's define the purpose of this website for each target audience. Is the purpose to;

* **Inform**  
  _Provide information pertaining to your products and services_

* **Provide service**  
  _Provide products or services directly to your customers_

* **Process orders**  
  _Perform online transactions (e-commerce, credit card processing)_

* **Support business operation**  
  _Provide access to elements of your operation (perform tasks, pre-qualifications)_

* **Enable or support community interaction**  
  _Provide community functionality (blogs, reviews, ratings)_

* **Facilitate events**  
  _Host events online or support real life events (seminars, web conferences)_


### Constraints {#constraints}

The term "constraint" usually indicates a very negative conversation. In the context of a website, it is a very important aspect of any project. Because of the ever-evolving and fast paced nature of the web, it is very easy to over-reach. Having a grasp on the projects constraints allows us to work within predefined parameters. This allows us to complete the project on time and on budget.


#### Technical Requirements {#technical-requirements}

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
* Development language
* Publishing platform
* Operating system
* Legacy support

{Technical Requirements}
</div>

#### Budget {#budget}

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
* Virtually unlimited, the sky is the limit.
* Above average, we have room to buy specialized graphics and photography if needed.
* Average, we are trying to keep costs down. Please be careful!
* Below average, we are operating on a shoe string budget with no wiggle room.
* Non-existent, please please please do not spend anything!

{Budget}
</div>

#### Timeframe {#timeframe}

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
    {Timeframe}
</div>

### Measuring Success {#success}

What results do you wish to achieve by creating this website and how do we determine success? Some measures include increased;

<div data-type="editable" markdown="1">
* Public awareness
* Search engine ranking
* Website traffic
* Customer or stakeholder inquires
* Sales and conversions
* Email subscriptions
* Reservations

{Timeframe}
</div>


### The Future {#future}

Every successful website project has plans beyond the scope of this project. A website, well-designed and maintained, can be a very rewarding asset for your organization. Let's take some time to outline that future a bit, and dream about what your site will become!

#### Updates {#updates}

1. How often will you need to update the content on your website?
2. Who will perform the updates?
3. Do you need training to perform these updates?

#### Upgrades {#upgrades}

Are there any plans for future website upgrades. List them, even if they may never happen.

#### Dream! {#dream}

If money were no object, and time didn't exist. What would your website be to you and your customers. What is your vision? What is your dream? Be as creative and crazy as you wish, there are no grades for your answer.

